Added towncrier as a github workflow (#8792)
numba/numba: docs/source/developer/contributing.rst

To mitigate the risk of confusion we use a naming convention by which objects of the built-in ``typing`` module are
imported with an ``pt`` prefix. For example, ``typing.Dict`` is imported as ``from typing import Dict as ptDict``.

Release Notes
'''''''''''''

> Pull Requests that add significant user-facing modifications, they may need to be mentioned in the release notes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pull Requests that add significant user-facing modifications may need to be mentioned in the release notes.
```

> To add a the release notes, you need to create a short ``.rst`` file with a summary and place it in 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add a release note, a short ``.rst`` file needs creating containing a summary of the change and it needs to be placed in 
```

``docs/upcoming_changes``. The file ``docs/upcoming_changes/README.rst`` details the format

> and filename conventions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and file naming conventions.
```
